I'm 25.
I was born in the Chernihiv region.
There I went to school.
I am graduated from Kyiv National University of Construction and Architecture.
I have a master's degree in the design of metal structures.
I worked in this field for almost four years.
And I was disappointed in my education, because such work requires a lot of responsibility and little money is paid for it.
This is not just my opinion. Almost all my familiar engineers think like that.

I will tell an example.
My classmate from university still works for a good construction company.
He now has a salary of one thousand dollars.
And this is the maximum.
Despite the fact that he has a lot of experience.
This is upset.

So after thinking for a long time, I decided to change the industry.
By the way, many of my friends from the university now work in the IT industry.
So, I started studying exactly a year ago.
For six months I was engaged in self-education.

Аt the beginning of the quarantine my friend offered me to work for him remotely.
There I was given not difficult tasks as for a junior.
Basically, I made landing pages, modal windows, authorization forms and so on. 
But because of quarantine, there was not enough work for me.
That's why I started looking for permanent job.

***
I don't know everyone. Personally, I know four people.
These are front-end and back-end developers, one girl is a UIX-UA designer.
and the founder (my friend) is a full-stack developer.
They develop websites for construction companies, lawyers, designers, and so on.
***

- Because in such a period of time the programmer learns all aspects of this field. And can manage global processes.

**
In 5 years I see myself as a very experienced programmer.
Who knows all the global issues to create a product from start to finish
But I understand that often after five/six years the programmer will have to become a manager or marketer.
And I'm not against such a plan as I consider myself flexible in that regard, but

I often watch the YouTube channel of a programmer from Ukraine who now lives and works at USA.
He said that when a programmer takes a managerial position, the company loses a good programmer and gets a bad manager.

In my opinion, this sentence conveys the essence of this situation.

Soft skills:
ability to work in a team,
critical thinking,
time management, (divide the main task into small ones, and determine the approximate time for each small task),
creativity,
empathy.

About my hobbies.
Now I spend all my free time studying programming.
I often play the guitar.
And every winter my friends and I go snowboarding.

Why our company?
I was interested in what your company does: machine learning, cybersecurity.
I have reviewed your website.
I was interested in the fact that you have cooperated with such well-known companies as Qatar airlines, War Gaming, Ubisoft ...
It was a very pleasant conversation with HR.
In addition, your company has a very convenient location))

In approaches to work, I really like the opportunity to do something new, learn from the analysis of mistakes, help develop, make the team more friendly (I'm talking about team building).


Where I live.
At the moment, the girl and I live with her parents, not far from Kyiv.
But in a month we plan to move to the Warsaw quarter. 


I want to learn new technologies, new languages.
I want to improve my code and show interest in new projects.
And I want to be a member of the team.